README.md, before:

# **JavaScript30**

![overall](images/JavaScript30.png)

Javascript30 是一個免費的線上教學課程，為作者加拿大工程師 Wes Bos 所建立。

並以初學者的角度做設計，使用原生的 JavaScript 打照 30 個小作品，讓新手有實際作品可以來精進 javascript 的能力。

官方網站：[https://JavaScript30.com](https://javascript30.com/)

Github網站：[wesbos/Javascript30](https://github.com/wesbos/JavaScript30)

Youtube 教學網站：[Youtube-WesBos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuN8qwZoego&list=PLu8EoSxDXHP6CGK4YVJhL_VWetA865GOH)

---

### **[My Medium Blog](https://medium.com/@danny_hu/javascript30-javascript30-challenge-7c56f11768c2)**

### **[My project website](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/)**

| Projects | Description | Demo | Blog |
| -------- | ----------- | ---- | ---- |
| 01. JS Drum Kit | Pressing the keyboard will produce sound and view effects | [Demo](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/01-JavaScript-Drum-Kit/index.html) | [Blog](https://medium.com/@danny_hu/javascript30-01-javascript-drum-kit-challenge-fe819f0e5716) |
| 02. JS + CSS Clock | Make a clock used CSS and JS | [Demo](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/02-JS-and-CSS-Clock/index.html) | [Blog](https://medium.com/@danny_hu/javascript30-02-js-and-css-clock-challenge-045e3ab46019) |
| 03. CSS Variables | Change picture style | [Demo](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/03-CSS-Variables/index.html) | [Blog](https://medium.com/@danny_hu/javascript30-03-css-variables-b3b668495d92) |
| 04. Array Cardio Day1 | Use `reduce()` 、 `sort()` 、 `map()` 、 `filter()` for array training | [Demo](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/04-Array-Cardio-Day1/index.html) | [Blog](https://medium.com/@danny_hu/javascript30-04-array-cardio-day1-297a518e0267) |
| 05. Flex Panel Gallery | Use `flex` and `transition` to create animation effects | [Demo](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/05-Flex-Panel-Gallery/index.html) | [Blog](https://medium.com/@danny_hu/javascript30-05-flex-panel-gallery-challenge-f9af4566996e) |
| 06. Type Ahead | Use the `ajax` method of `Fetch api` to obtain data, query different input keywords, and use `regular expressions` to process strings | [Demo](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/06-Type-Ahead/index.html) | [Blog](https://medium.com/@danny_hu/javascript30-06-type-ahead-challenge-81e59b07851b) |
| 07. Array Cardio Day2 | Use `some()` 、 `every()` 、 `find()` 、 `findIndex()` for array training | [Demo](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/07-Array-Cardio-Day2/index.html) | [Blog](https://medium.com/@danny_hu/javascript30-07-array-cardio-day2-challenge-12299d4e7c70) |
| 08. Fun with HTML5 Canvas | Use `Html's canvas tag` and `js` to create a small painter. Effect: Change the color and thickness of the line. | [Demo](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/08-Fun-with-HTML5-Canvas/index.html) | [Blog]() |
| 09. Dev Tools Domination | Practice commonly used `dev tools` to facilitate debugging when developing js. | [Demo](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/09-Dev-Tools-Domination/index.html) | [Blog]() |

Commit message:

feat: add 10. Hold Shift and Check Checkboxes for README

README.md, after:

# **JavaScript30**

![overall](images/JavaScript30.png)

Javascript30 是一個免費的線上教學課程，為作者加拿大工程師 Wes Bos 所建立。

並以初學者的角度做設計，使用原生的 JavaScript 打照 30 個小作品，讓新手有實際作品可以來精進 javascript 的能力。

官方網站：[https://JavaScript30.com](https://javascript30.com/)

Github網站：[wesbos/Javascript30](https://github.com/wesbos/JavaScript30)

Youtube 教學網站：[Youtube-WesBos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuN8qwZoego&list=PLu8EoSxDXHP6CGK4YVJhL_VWetA865GOH)

---

### **[My Medium Blog](https://medium.com/@danny_hu/javascript30-javascript30-challenge-7c56f11768c2)**

### **[My project website](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/)**

| Projects | Description | Demo | Blog |
| -------- | ----------- | ---- | ---- |
| 01. JS Drum Kit | Pressing the keyboard will produce sound and view effects | [Demo](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/01-JavaScript-Drum-Kit/index.html) | [Blog](https://medium.com/@danny_hu/javascript30-01-javascript-drum-kit-challenge-fe819f0e5716) |
| 02. JS + CSS Clock | Make a clock used CSS and JS | [Demo](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/02-JS-and-CSS-Clock/index.html) | [Blog](https://medium.com/@danny_hu/javascript30-02-js-and-css-clock-challenge-045e3ab46019) |
| 03. CSS Variables | Change picture style | [Demo](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/03-CSS-Variables/index.html) | [Blog](https://medium.com/@danny_hu/javascript30-03-css-variables-b3b668495d92) |
| 04. Array Cardio Day1 | Use `reduce()` 、 `sort()` 、 `map()` 、 `filter()` for array training | [Demo](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/04-Array-Cardio-Day1/index.html) | [Blog](https://medium.com/@danny_hu/javascript30-04-array-cardio-day1-297a518e0267) |
| 05. Flex Panel Gallery | Use `flex` and `transition` to create animation effects | [Demo](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/05-Flex-Panel-Gallery/index.html) | [Blog](https://medium.com/@danny_hu/javascript30-05-flex-panel-gallery-challenge-f9af4566996e) |
| 06. Type Ahead | Use the `ajax` method of `Fetch api` to obtain data, query different input keywords, and use `regular expressions` to process strings | [Demo](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/06-Type-Ahead/index.html) | [Blog](https://medium.com/@danny_hu/javascript30-06-type-ahead-challenge-81e59b07851b) |
| 07. Array Cardio Day2 | Use `some()` 、 `every()` 、 `find()` 、 `findIndex()` for array training | [Demo](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/07-Array-Cardio-Day2/index.html) | [Blog](https://medium.com/@danny_hu/javascript30-07-array-cardio-day2-challenge-12299d4e7c70) |
| 08. Fun with HTML5 Canvas | Use `Html's canvas tag` and `js` to create a small painter. Effect: Change the color and thickness of the line. | [Demo](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/08-Fun-with-HTML5-Canvas/index.html) | [Blog](https://medium.com/@danny_hu/javascript30-08-fun-with-html5-canvas-challenge-7c39290d7cd0) |
| 09. Dev Tools Domination | Practice commonly used `dev tools` to facilitate debugging when developing js. | [Demo](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/09-Dev-Tools-Domination/index.html) | [Blog]() |
| 10. Hold Shift and Check Checkboxes | Select multiple checkbox functions at once by clicking on the checkbox and pressing the shift key | [Demo](https://dannyhucc.github.io/JavaScript30-danny/10-Hold-Shift-and-Check-Checkboxes/index.html) | [Blog]() |
